---
title: Document Center
---

# 1/20/17

## Robbie

- Ran a number of small, one-on-one meetings, mostly conceptual in nature. (3 hours)
- Explored our options for using GitHub Integrations and applied for Early Access (30 minutes)
- Build this website (30 minutes)
- Planned out the remaining user stories for the entire semester (1.5 hours)
- Built the Checkstyle model, represented as booleans (1.5 hours)

## Connor

- Group Meeting [1 Hour]
- Began learning React/Redux [4 hrs]
- Learned structure of project including how to use React Router [2 hrs]
- Created home-page, index-page, global footer and global navbar. [2 hrs]

## Daniel

- Planned out the remaining user stories for the entire semester (1.5 hours)
- Compiled Tree Go code and ran very basic tests (5 hours)
- Meeting (.5 hours)

----------------------

# 1/27/17

## Robbie

- Autopublish autogenerated specification of our API to our [Apiary](docs.alligrader.apiary.io) site (1 hour)
- Build User model, connect User model to DB, build out route handler and data types for CRUD operations on User (3 hours)
- Minor adjustments to the provisioning process of our Vagrant box (1 hour)
- Wrote up https://github.com/alligrader/gradebook/issues/2 (1 hour)
- Wrote up https://github.com/alligrader/autograder/issues/1 (.5 hours)
- Conducting Friday meeting with Daniel (1 hour)
- Skyped Connor to help with Git trouble (.5 hours)

## Connor

- Created About & Contact Pages [1 hour]
- Converted to ES6 Formatting [1 hour]
- Preliminary styling for Home, Index, About and Contact Pages [2 Hours]
- Continued learning React/Redux [3 Hours]
- Began researching reducers/showing state for next Issue [1 Hour]

## Daniel

---------------------

# 2/3/17

## Robbie

- Virtualized Vagrant and MySQL [4+ hours]
- Debug virtualization code with Dan [2 hours]
- Meeting with Connor [1 hour]
- Hid my GitHub API key in the filesystem but expose it through a route [.5 hours]
- Worked on caching the VM image and debugging problems on Windows with Dan and Connor independently. [3 hours]

## Connor

- Continued learning Redux, how containers work etc. [2.5 hours]
- Starting building Repo-List container. [1 Hour]
- Got a test reducer working for the container [.5 Hours]
- Began working on Action Creator(s) [1 Hour]

## Daniel

----------------------

# 2/10/17

## Robbie

- Build a Findbugs Dockerfile and publish it to [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/thesnowmancometh/findbugs/). [1 hour]
- Meeting with Connor [1 hour]
- Wrote up all issues for the upcoming milestones [2 hours]
- Researched user authentication in React and planned our approach [1 hour]
- Attended SteelHacks this weekend, so this is going to be a light week (next week will be light too since I'm organizing a hackathon for the weekend of the 19th. As a result, the week of the 25th I will be light on hours. I will make up my hours after that (probably over Spring Break).

## Connor

- Learned how to use SuperAgent (https://visionmedia.github.io/superagent/) [2 hours]
- Began developing the groundwork to get the Repository Lists from GitHub API [4 Hour]
- Learned how to call GH API and make a request using SuperAgent [1 Hours]
- Learned about Life-cycle methods and how to use componentWillMount to create an action [1.5 Hour]

## Daniel

---------------------

# 2/17/17

## Robbie

- Application authentication, getting OAuth to connect to the server, no data storage [3 hours]
- Configured a public Kubernetes instance, a public domain, and registered a GitHub Integration. The Integration connects to the public instance, and the domain is linked to the running pods services on Kubernetes. [3.75 hours]

## Connor

## Daniel

----------------------

# 2/24/17

## Robbie

As noted above, this week will be light in hours for me. I'll make them up over the week of the 27th and over Spring Break
- Collaborated with Connor and JJ Naughton on bug in our Redux code. (1.5 hours)
- Adjusted the media types and the response payload for user authentication (2 hours)
- Reviewed library code snippets on how to sign, decrypt, and issue JSON web tokens (1 hour)

## Connor

## Daniel

----------------------

# 4/3/17

## Robbie

## Connor

## Daniel

-----------------

# 4/17/17

## Robbie

- Switched our dependency manager from `glide` to `dep` in all repos (30 minutes)
- Added ESLint and fixed violations (2.5 hours)

## Connor

## Daniel

--------------

# 4/24/17

## Robbie

- Bootstrapped testing infrustrature and put it under CI (3 hours)

## Connor

-------------

# 4/31/17

## Robbie

## Connor
